Hello Charlie, I'm from Toronto too.
Well, what is this mysterious theme you've picked up
to get to me, so let's get into real-reaching
deep into the male copy during the week.
It made a little so great that these uppressions
were being most asked only part of our friends
in Tennessee as they like to use some lead letters
and telegrams that I have to catch
and punch my questions to either answer.
Of course, the Korean War between a little more
real-reaching scene to take care of it.
That's right Charlie, I'm from the National Guard Unit
filed in the federal service by the 2278
Regimental Combat Team of the Tennessee Guard.
Under the command of Warren Jow,
the outside has units and drifts of
transport, toxic bird, acid,
and the not-gill and no-today.
These men will have 30 days in which
they get ready to report on September 1st
to camp dozens near Boston.
We hate to see them go, but I have to go
that to file out of it.
Honestly, it's not file about 100 states from nothing
and time and trouble.
I see you have on hand the male bag
of Charlie and what's the first copy.
The most controversial subjects in our male bag
deals with the question of economic control.
In fact, it's probably the biggest domestic problem
concerning the Korean fighting the nationality thing.
What are the proposals in Michigan for the big questions
that you say Charlie are?
What are the proposals that they are big controls?
How much controls should they be?
And when should they be applied?
President Truman recommended a program of partial controls.
His latest recommendation is to be effective weight-priced
and man-priced controls are not necessary
in a certain situation.
And short, the president doesn't believe
the current situation wants all our mobile regulations.
And where he does think so,
he will very likely not have
for economic and man-priced controls.
The other states, Mr. Bernard Baruch
on the other hand thinks we can go all out now.
And Mr. Baruch has a wealth of experience,
committed experience in World War I and World War II.
And that's not it.
The Baruch plan outlined by his office
before the Senate's backing in current
is committed during the last week.
House of feelings, House of Souls, on everything now.
I would say that I did it.
I may only be running for in favor of the Baruch claim.
Now that you have outlined,
there's been women in the Baruch proposal.
So you advise us how you feel about the question
of economic control.
As a matter of fact,
I've always told you that the Baruch plan,
I did it in World War II and I do now.
But they do not, the decision required
a little more explanation.
Now the gold or unclutching usage
in all the maritime controls are most undesirable.
And they are just talking to the court
to our American freedom and way of life.
About our very tenure and nature economic control
and control the land power of harm
through the way we like to live here in this country.
That's all.
So in the Korean aggression,
harm dry way of life.
This is an emergency period in my opinion.
And when the situation gets bad enough
as it has for Americans' blood to be filled
to preserve our way of life,
then the time has arrived for American treasure
to be drafted and served also.
So I say really immediate institution
of the root of the border,
that they now have wanted to do early in World War II.
I dare to say here also immediate
economic control.
Just like the dining house,
fighting, waiting, there's a lot of.
Try to be successful and it's just
that most controlled must be about.
Fight is not taking control of the force
but wages must have a ceiling on them as well.
Unless the stores are flat
who wages, fighting, rent and profit.
There will be no more burden
and will be more voting votes
kept buying more unnecessary taxes
among justified fighting groups.
The upper half-fifth controls
and leave off weight-steering pensions
but result in an instigating period of inflation
and hardship on Thomas Smith.
The same with two of the pilots
last feeling on one part of our
art controls on one part of our economy
without a full out of spying on this
that we just came to.
It would have spied and perhaps
this far and you wage the land
in public wage labor to.
We can't stand labor to speak
to our wages at this time.
And a way to prevent wage demand
is to have inflation by putting
steel in on both sides
wages and profits.
The credit to our food pages again
is just in total at this time
a little harsh
but our first man don't challenge.
Of course, we're very hopeful
that our speech at in Korea
will now remain
hopeful to get out to push back again.
But it matters now at the end
we can only be in a state
and it's filming at least for the time being.
That the action in Korea is
if we lose or maybe if we lose
the world's worth, we.
Of course, we hope that the
world will be pushed down
but we will be moved and realistic
through our time
than the other way.
If the world is all
and we do not have general water
and we haven't lost anything much
and perhaps we'll make
a change in the future.
And we are spending the context
we will have embedded ourselves
for less.
What he here had to eat about
the mechanics of the planning
is over 50 dollars.
Plan.
I'm for applying them right now.
But if hunger wants to delay the plan
I'm saying that it's been
I think hunger can do it by
resolution at the top of time
and hunger can do it.
The hunger is not in session
and it's not in session.
That's the matter
I tell you our
ballot paper controls
not work.
I always appeal
and I'm about
by the rules
but you think the president
might be told
that the police proposes
and the other
recommendations for less.
I doubt that he would
if hunger's my
fellow child.
Actually the people
think that they even
have a fellow ahead of
hunger and hunger
because they're
the head of the president
that they're not.
Another question
is I think the real
mayor of the state
borrow it
and cooperate.
And that is so
he's on that.
He's a
terrible
cruel telephone
for us.
Many times the
tragic
time is on the
page of the group
our destination
of private
festivals
could not
and would not
wish to
go to the
provides and
services
and other
wise
not be
available to
On the other hand
we have
become
spray